i'm still thinking about that dog. it's not that i want to live in it. but like... i COULD. that's a terrifying statement. imagine being able to do something at any time that was as wild as crawling into the mouth of a mutant dog. you know. just think about it.","everything's... gone. those bastards really DID it. holy shit... there's nothing- nothing LEFT. i'm scared. i'm scared i'm scared i'm scared FUCK.","being a messiah is hard. it's hard and nobody understands. do you know how much energy it takes to be right all the time? it's almost criminal. i am almost criminal... well no. i am a criminal. messiah criminal. same difference right?","god i have a massive headache. eating snow was such a big mistake. a TERRIBLE act of hubris. all my attempts to worship gods fall short to my denial to accept one of the baser ones... biology.","i never got the rune associated with fenrir. i kind of didn't do... well. but it's fine! i'm here now. i'll probably steal it while you aren't looking. don't try to stop me.","there's a future ahead of you. i wouldn't call it bright. if valhalla's what you're seeking then i can at least guarantee you that you'll find it. but is it what you want?","this right hither is mine páintsleif! t causes the death of a man every time tis bared. its strokes art at each moment fine. tis eke a very much VALOROUS brush just for painting. ","it’s weird. i keep walking around into any direction and i always just end up right back at this town but you seem to be able to travel just fine. you oughta teach me how to some time.","everyone has to be fine. right? they can’t all just be gone. i can’t be the only one left. i don’t want to think about being the only one left. if i am... i swear i’ll make you pay.","it's weird. do you remember what i say? sometimes i feel like i'm talking to you and it feels vacant. i hope you're doing okay yeah? i worry about that.","everything just keeps happening and i can't get my mind off it. what's happening? how did i get here? why are we here? how did the moon disappear? i'm really fixated on the moon part. ","it's strange. whenever i try remembering anything before this i can't. it's just... nothingness. do you remember anything? do you even remember yourself?","i thought i saw myself waving back at me from far away for a few seconds when i first got to this town. it might’ve been a hopeghost. or i’m actually losing my shit.